ThicknessGauge
--------------
by Rudy Alex Kohn, 2017

) Overview of file structure
  --------------------------


Directories:

ArgClasses		: Classes for handling command line parameters
Calc			: Calculation classes 
Calibrate		: Calibration of camera related classes
Camera			: Camera classes, responsible for capture, changing settings etc.
CV				: OpenCV wrapper classes. Each of the main functionalities used from OpenCV
				  has their own class which contains the settings used for each algorithm.
Exceptions		: To handle error gracefully
Histogram		: Histogram classes, note that HistoPeak is the primary choice
IO				: Input/Output classes. Can handle import and export of images and videos to a certain degree
namespaces	    : Misc functionalities, each file pair (h/cpp) contains seperated functions which can be used from anywhere in the entirety of the software package.
tclap			: The command line parameter library, the files are needed but they are not "included" in the project
Testing			: Old testing configuration classes
UI				: User interface classes.. Currently only holds a Progress Bar, which is used when capturing series of frames to check if progress had stalled or not.
Util			: Utility classes, such as Ztring which is a powerful enhancement over regular string class.
Vimba			: Not needed, contains classes i made when the Vimba SDK still was being investigated.
x64				: Used by visual studio as temporary compilation output.


Important files :

Main.cpp				: Where the program is started.
ThicknessGauge.h/cpp	: Main controller class

namespaces/
calc.h/cpp				: Computational functions, some are not used atm, but could be useful
cvr.h/cpp				: OpenCV helper functions
draw.h					: To enable visual display of many things while testing.
filters.h				: Kernels for filters used in the main process.
tg.h/cpp				: Main helper functions, contains several informational data structures and so on.
validate.h				: Validation functionality for all used data types, including those from open cv.
pixel.h/cpp				: Core function is located here
sort.h					: Sorting of pixel elements etc is done through here.



